[v7] Templates deprecation warning (#1442)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.0.0] - 2023-10-24
### Removed

> - Removed 'function_external_id' argument for creating a Cognite Function Schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `function_external_id` argument for creating a Cognite Function schedule (only worked with API keys.)
```
